Now in this section, you have learned a few facts about the levels of
automated driving and about the major differences between them.
Currently, many experts believe that level three systems will only be
a transition step to more advanced systems which are operating on levels 4 and 5.
At those high levels, the vehicle is capable of performing
all driving tasks and the driver is not required to take any control.
Obviously, such systems will require
a strong engineering effort to guarantee safety at all times.
I suggest you try researching some of
those very cool projects which are in development right now all over the world.
Take a look at Waymo and they're fully autonomous vehicle,
take a look at [inaudible] in England,
and also there is nuTonomy,
who in 2018 launched a public trial of self-driving cars services right in Singapore.
Now, in the next section,
we will take a closer look at some partially autonomous vehicles and their sensor suites.
But for now, you should try to test
your new knowledge by answering a few quiz questions down below.